README.md, before:

##My Notes are Version Controlled
###And available Publicly
###(You're welcome)
###\<3 TPB

##An exercise in mnomnetic externalization

####How To Read This Document:
	The documents contained herein are merely my non-redacted personal notes taken over the course of several years as a penetration tester/security consultant/application security engineer with initial documents originally written while working through the PWK (Pentesting With Kali Linux) certification course by Offensive Security. As such their syntactical, formatting and lexical conventions vary between documents and within documents over the course of time during which they were written and edited. Nonetheless, the conventions being my own they tend to read fairly consistently between like documents. While generally written as reference notes and ocasionally consisting of only unannotated commands and command syntax (aplogies, again these are merely personal notes), the included documents are often verbose and may be a useful for learning certain information security domains or technologies in addition.
	
	The subjects covered herein are vast within the domain of infosec and the feedback I have received from peers with whom I've shared sections previously has been that these documents are both well-written and useful to others in the infosec community, so they are now hosted here as a public contribution to that community. As a partial supplement a number of useful or unique unredacted scripts I've written in various languages are additionally publicly available at [https://github.com/ThePacketBender/pentest_scripts](https://github.com/ThePacketBender/pentest_scripts) . Use them if and as you wish, they are, in my humble opinion, a more interesting and on a long enough timeline more useful contribution than scripted automation tools.
	
	Updates are regular and often extensive..

Commit message:

git commit history in a personal-use repository is sort of like Twitter but without all of the negative character traits that other people exhibit, but with all of the willingness to ignore any and all of those traits in myself; don't show this to anybody, I'm not usually like this

README.md, after:

##My Notes are Version Controlled

###And available Publicly

###(You're welcome)

###<\<3\<3\<3\<3<>TPB<>\<3\<3\<3\<3>

##An exercise in mnomnetic externalization

####How To Read This Document:
	The documents contained herein are merely my non-redacted personal notes taken over the course of several years as a penetration tester/security consultant/application security engineer with initial documents originally written while working through the PWK (Pentesting With Kali Linux) certification course by Offensive Security. As such their syntactical, formatting and lexical conventions vary between documents and within documents over the course of time during which they were written and edited. Nonetheless, the conventions being my own they tend to read fairly consistently between like documents. While generally written as reference notes and ocasionally consisting of only unannotated commands and command syntax (aplogies, again these are merely personal notes), the included documents are often verbose and may be a useful for learning certain information security domains or technologies in addition.
	
	I try to keep things neat and consistent, even when they're not, usually.
	
	The subjects covered herein are vast within the domain of infosec and the feedback I have received from peers with whom I've shared sections previously has been that these documents are both well-written and useful to others in the infosec community, so they are now hosted here as a public contribution to that community. As a partial supplement a number of useful or unique unredacted scripts I've written in various languages are additionally publicly available at [https://github.com/ThePacketBender/pentest_scripts](https://github.com/ThePacketBender/pentest_scripts) . Use them if and as you wish, they are, in my humble opinion, a more interesting and on a long enough timeline more useful contribution than scripted automation tools.
	
	Updates are regular and often extensive...
